h1. Android HTTP Server

_Multi-threaded HTTP server library for Android devices_

Android HTTP Server is a multi-threaded HTTP server library for Android devices, including smart phones and tablets.  It is 
designed to be "dropped-in" to new or existing apps to rapidly add HTTP handling capabilities, and offers a flexible
plugin architecture to allow apps to create their own custom HTTP serving capabilities - for example processing custom file
types or handling unique programmtic responses to specially creafted HTTP requests (e.g. a custom handler could access a device's
sensors and return something interesting)

Currently there are two parts of the AndroidHTTPServer project - the library project itself and the GUI project.  The library project is a
standard Android Library project which can be included in normal Android apps.  The GUI project is an example of a normal
Android app utilising the Android HTTP Server library, and demonstrates how to control the server via on-screen buttons etc.

*Currently Android HTTP Server is in an early state of development and should not be considered ready for "prime time"*.
However, as it currently stands it is able to stand-up to fairly vigorous multi-threaded benchmarking.  Early testing
using JMeter indicates that when running on a standard HTC Wildfire (single-core MSM7225 528MHz) device running 
Android 2.2.1 it can serve a small test page at approximately 700 requests/min when debugging and approximately 2000 
requests/min when not debugging (based on 10 simultaneous JMeter threads - please check Test Plan.jmx for exact settings).  

h2. Sources

The GUI uses icons from the Tango Project (http://tango-project.org/) which have been placed in the public domain.

h2. License

MIT